---
weight: 1800900
title: "Re-0000001"
icon: search
date: 2024-12-30T12:00:00+00:00
images: []
---

**Assistant / Associate Professor**

Department of Accountancy

Lingnan University

Post 30.12.2024

Due 19.01.2025

Lingnan University is one of the eight publicly funded institutions in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and has the longest established tradition among the local institutions of higher education. It is widely recognised for providing quality education with a focus on whole-person development and conducting high-impact research for a better world. Moving forward, Lingnan University is well positioned to take lead as a comprehensive university in arts and sciences in the digital era, with impactful research and innovations.

Lingnan University offers undergraduate, taught postgraduate, and research postgraduate programmes in the Faculties of Arts, Business, Social Sciences, and the Schools of Data Science, Graduate Studies and Interdisciplinary Studies. To foster interdisciplinary collaboration and scientific progress, Lingnan University established the Lingnan University Institute for Advanced Study (LUIAS), attracting distinguished scholars from around the world to collaborate with its faculty and students. With traditional strengths in arts, business, social sciences, and interdisciplinary studies, the University aims to equip students with practical knowledge and critical thinking skills to thrive in the future. Subsequent to the establishment of the School of Data Science and LUIAS, Lingnan University is transforming into a hub for global leaders to develop and promote human-centric technology and social policies. Further information about Lingnan University is available at https://www.ln.edu.hk/.

Applications are now invited for the following post:

Associate Professor / Assistant Professor
Department of Accountancy
(Post Ref.: 24/379)

The Department is now inviting applications for the post of Associate Professor / Assistant Professor. The appointee is expected to contribute to high quality research, teaching, and service.

General Requirements

Candidates should have a PhD degree in Accountancy. For appointment as Associate Professor, candidates should have at leave five years of relevant experience and a sound track record in research and scholarly activities. For appointment as Assistant Professor, candidates should have relevant teaching experience, a good research record and must demonstrate good potential in publishing high-quality papers. Top-tier publications and successful GRF applications will be advantages.

Lingnan University pursues excellence in both teaching and research. The appointee is expected to apply for external competitive grants, and commit to teaching excellence and active services to the Department, the Faculty, and the University. Applicants are required to provide information on their work experience, qualifications, research records, and evidence of quality teaching. Excellent communication and presentation skills are essential. Administrative experience in university departments would be an advantage.

Appointment

The conditions of appointment will be competitive. The rank and remuneration will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits include annual leave, medical and dental benefits, mandatory provident fund, gratuity and incoming passage and baggage allowance for the eligible appointee. Appointment will normally be made on an initial contract of three years, which, subject to review and mutual agreement, may lead to longer-term appointment with possibility of consideration for substantiation.

Application Procedure 
(online application only)

Please click **"Apply Now"* to submit your application.

[Apply Now](https://lingnan.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/4/home/requisition/2523?c=lingnan/)